so hello everyone dear friends with you for
Fok today we will review the model
2107 was taken
drove in as usual consider it
technical characteristics
This is a 15 liter machine with a capacity
72 horsepower model year 1982
body type sedan ground clearance
is 170 millimeters pretty
a large number of doors 4
number of places 5 rear-wheel drive
It has four cylinders in power
engine high rpm series 2
I said so after all fuel 92 gasoline to
it fits the fuel tank volume 40
liters
so acceleration time to 100 kilometers in
hour is 17 seconds maximum
speed up to 50 kilometers per hour consumption
fuel in the urban cycle is 10
liters of fuel consumption for 5 on the highway 5 3
liters which is very little consumption
fuel in the combined cycle is
six point 7 liters box type
gears mechanical
its mass is one ton of trunk volume
makes 380 liters this very much
it's all
characteristic let's consider it
near
so this model from the movies were so
she made very well focused
the lights are drawn very well grille
radiator done great let's
look back here here such here
headlights
Lada 2107 and label look here
will focus Lada 2107
and here I know how well I like traced
button to open the trunk here at
us air intakes and as we see four
doors but only 2 open here
let me show you this
one and two
that's all my dear friends liked
this review like subscribe
on my channel to all bye